We will introduce the setting method to connect to the Internet from now on
First tap settings
Next general network
Tap mobile data network communication network
Enter this apn when this screen is displayed
First apn bm. Jp rat. Net
Enter
Username will vary depending on post Rion product
This time enter the username for the talking b Micro Sim Platinum service.
I will
bm
Enter @ ios
Next password bm
Enter
When input is complete Tap Network General to return to the setting screen
Please press the home button
You are now ready to connect to the Internet
Let's actually connect to the internet
Launch a browser
You can connect to the Internet in such a simple setting
Next we will show you how to set tethering
First tap settings
Next general network
Tap the mobile data communications network
Enter the Internet Sharing apn when this screen appears
First of all apn bm .
net
Enter
Next say your username 300
Enter @ ios
Next say password 300
Enter
Once you tap the network in general When you have finished input
Return to the previous screen
Tap Network and tap Internet Sharing
Turn on the internet teacher
Now you are ready for tethering
Next , set up the receiving terminal
Turn on the wi-fi of the earthquake terminal and select the terminal which set the ringing
Enter your wi-fi password
You are now ready to connect to the Internet share
You can be sure that you are in this way, et al ring
Let's actually connect to the internet
Tethering can be done with this easy setting